[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Richard Doty,
a retired Special Agent who
served in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately
involved with UFO,
ET-related intelligence.
Today, we're discussing the
Monarch Park UFO incident.
Richard, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
Good to be here.
>> Tell us about the
Monarch UFO incident.
>> The Monarch UFO incident
happened some years ago.
There's a campground up
on top of Monarch Pass.
As a US Forest
Service campground,
place where people
frequently camp.
There's two girls, Julie
and Joan, recent graduate
of the University of Denver.
And they decided to go on a
camping trip for the weekend.
So they drove up to
Monarch campgrounds.
They planned this on the map.
They went in, found a nice
place, set up their tents,
and decided they
were going to spend
a wonderful weekend in the
wild on top of Monarch Pass.
A cool temperature up there.
There's a spring.
They can go and
wade in the spring.
There's three different
lakes that they can fish at.
And there's a river
that passes through it.
The first night they
were there, they
walked out on the
edge of the mountain
with a ski-- there was a
skiing resort up there.
Of course, this is summertime.
And they could look out
over the valley seeing
the ski resort and a-- some
kind of communications antenna
up there.
Now, what they didn't know was
there was a NORAD communication
site on top of Monarch Mountain.
And NORAD used it as did other
Air Force planes used it.
Anyways, they walked out.
They sat in a nice area.
They had a blanket.
They had two cups
of hot chocolate.
They had just made
some s'mores earlier.
They were just there to relax.
>> How beautiful.
They're sitting there talking.
And all of a sudden, they see
this light moving at them.
And they watch this light
and watch this light.
And they both commented to each
other, Julie to Joan and Joan
to Julie, that's moving.
That must be an airplane.
And they watched it.
The sun was just getting
ready to set to the west.
And they looked probably to
the south and saw this light.
And it got closer and
closer and closer and bigger
and bigger and bigger.
Julie sat there.
Joan, who was on her right,
got scared and ran off.
She says, I'm
getting out of here.
She ran back to her
campsite, which was
a couple hundred yards away.
But Julie just sat there.
She didn't fear.
She didn't have any
fear in her mind.
Anyway, this craft, a
flying saucer landed.
The first thing she
thought in her mind
was, oh, my god, these are real.
I'm just watching one
land right in front of me.
And it was right
in front of her.
Although it didn't make
much of a sound, it landed.
She didn't hear engines
or anything like that.
And doors opened.
And two entities
walked out, humanoids.
They had helmets on.
They had silvery
suits, long arms.
Their arms were longer
proportionally than their body.
And they walked up to her.
And she heard
voices in her head.
And then she soon
realized they're
talking to me in English
but through telepathy.
And so she was answering
them back but talking.
And they said, come
aboard our craft.
She was somewhat hesitant,
but she decided--
she was always an adventurer.
So she decided, why not?
So she went aboard the craft.
The next thing she remembers
was being in this big room
with a huge television
monitor in front of her.
And she was watching movies.
She was watching the Earth
in its infant stages.
And she thought, where am I?
Why am I-- why am I seeing this?
Volcanoes and eruptions
and molten lava flowing.
And then the scene would change
to forests, dinosaurs, and then
cavemen, and then a city.
She said everything
appeared to be non-human.
Everyone in this--
all the people walking
around had suits on
and breathing masks.
And they're living in this area.
There's buildings
broken over here.
She said, what am I looking at?
And she kept asking.
She doesn't see any of these
entities that had brought her
aboard this craft.
She figured she probably
was aboard a craft.
And for some reason,
they're showing her this.
>> Is this in a 3D realm?
Or is it like the
subconscious, is she dreaming?
>> Initially, she told us
she thought she was dreaming.
But everything was
so vivid to her,
she realized that
she wasn't dreaming.
She was seeing something in
real time as she called it.
And it was three dimensional.
She was seeing it.
She watched the entire thing.
And she doesn't know
how long it lasted.
But then it showed her.
It's showing her in college.
And she thought, how did they
take pictures of me in college?
How do they know that I'm--
and these are confusing
thoughts going through her mind.
So she never saw
any future events.
But she was thinking that
maybe, at some future date,
they would come in and
show her something else.
But they never did, to
the best of my knowledge.
And then she closed
her eyes and some--
she doesn't understand
how this happened.
But she closed her
eyes because she felt
like she should just lay down.
And she closed her eyes.
She doesn't remember whether
she actually laid down
or what happened.
And then she appeared
exactly where
she had started from
outside, on the ground,
sitting on the
ground looking out.
But it was morning.
She realized it was cool,
a lot cooler than it was.
And she noticed that
the sun was over here,
meaning coming up from the east
because she's looking south.
So then she realized,
my god, I've
been out here the whole night.
So she got up and
started walking away
and she got down
towards the campsite
and that's when these searchers
and Sheriff's deputies
were coming up towards her
and confronted her saying,
are you Julie?
And she said, yes, I'm Julie.
She said, well, we've been
looking for you all night.
Where were you?
She says, I don't
know where I was.
I was over here.
No, you weren't here.
We searched this whole
area several times,
and we can't find you.
So it was a Chaffee
County sheriffs.
And so one of the
deputies says, listen,
we're going to take you in
to Salida, to a hospital
and have you checked out.
She said, no, I don't know--
I'm all right.
Well, no, we're going
to have you checked out.
And she said, well,
where's Joan, my friend?
Well, she left.
You disappeared.
So anyways, they took her to a
hospital, had her checked out.
They didn't find
anything wrong with her.
They go back her-- and she
meets back up with Joan.
They go back.
They were going to
spend another night.
But Joan said, I'm not going
to spend another night here.
I spent a night in
a hotel because I
didn't know where you were.
You disappeared.
I don't know what's
wrong with you.
Let's just pack up.
And left they did.
They went back home in Denver.
A few days later, OSI, the
Chaffee County Sheriff's
deputies--
listen, she told them
the entire story.
>> OK.
>> Well, they did a report, and
they turned it over to the OSI
at Air Force, OSI District 14,
which is at Laughlin Air Force
Base at the time.
OSI agents took the case.
They later went and
interviewed her,
talked to her in
great lengths, wanted
to know exactly what happened.
She told them the whole story.
She says, I'm not
lying about anything.
I don't know who
these things were.
I don't know why they picked me.
And they put me in a ship,
and they show me these things.
I don't understand why they
showed me these things.
What difference would
it made for them
to showing me the
history of Earth?
And she's a college
educated woman.
>> Right.
>> Somewhat-- she's intelligent.
And she says, they showed me the
history of Earth right up to me
in college.
Why did they do that to me?
Who am I?
I don't know-- why did
I-- why did they do that?
The OSI agent said, well,
maybe because you are
connected to them in some way.
And that starts the case
of her being different.
>> What else did she
learn from the ETs?
>> Well, one thing I didn't talk
about was they gave her this
small box, this real
small metal box.
It was just a piece
of metal, she thought.
Had an inscription
on it, which was a--
she called it hieroglyphic,
but it was actually
a character on it.
It didn't open.
It's a piece of metal that
she didn't think much of it
at the time.
When OSI agents ask her for
this, though they asked her,
did they give you anything?
She said, oh by the way, they
gave me this piece of metal.
And they said, well, we're
going to confiscate this
because it's radioactive.
And so they did.
But not because
it's radioactive--
>> Right, no.
>> --for other reasons.
And--
>> Did you ever find out
anything about that artifact?
>> Yes.
>> Do they know what
kind of metal it was?
>> No.
>> Wow.
>> It had some zinc in it.
But the way it's made,
it would be impossible
for us to incorporate
zinc into something that's
made of some other materials.
And what they found out--
and this is some time later--
they found out that this
was a communications device.
It was a tracking, more
or less a tracking device.
It's like a GPS
placed on somebody.
They knew where she
was at all times.
But unfortunately, we took it.
They thought she would keep with
her where they could track her.
And at least that's the thought,
the mentality that we had,
the idea or the theory we
had, that this was something
that they were going
to track her with.
So anyways, they
eventually got her
into a different environment,
brought her down to us
down in Albuquerque,
at Kirtland,
where we took over this case.
And our goal was to find her
being somewhat similar to Cady.
And we interviewed her
over and over again.
She was not as receptive
to a normal interview
as Cady Smith was or others
that we've dealt with.
She was more hostile.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And not--
>> So it was bothering
her that she was there,
that she had to go through
this with you guys.
>> Yeah.
And it was all volunteer.
We told her, you
don't have to do this,
but we think you're different.
We think that you might--
I mean, you had the experience.
You saw these ETs.
We can tell you what
happened to you is real.
Now, you want to know
why this happened?
Yes, I do, she kept saying.
Well, you have to
cooperate with us.
You have to answer
all these questions
that we're asking you
because initially, she
gave us information.
But she was restrictive of
what she was saying because she
was somewhat scared, I
think, of the results,
number one, and
why she was picked,
and number two, of us,
of US intelligence--
>> Yes.
>> --confronting her.
>> And were you telling her,
please don't tell anyone about
this, don't go to the media?
Was there anything
like that that maybe
made her feel uncomfortable?
>> Well, yes.
Yeah, we did do-- we
did do all those things.
And we did do things
to check on her.
And we did do--
we call them offensive
operations to--
>> The due diligence to
spy on someone without
their permission.
>> Exactly.
>> Yes.
A good way to put it.
To make sure she wasn't
somebody hostile--
>> Right, of course.
Rule out--
>> --Soviet intelligence
officer or something like that.
Or whether she was
just fooling everybody.
>> Oh.
>> So anyways, we get her
to-- we pay for her to fly
to Albuquerque.
And she's there the first day
in our controlled and secured
environment.
And we're asking
these questions.
And she's really not
really responding to much.
>> Hmm.
>> And then finally,
I said, listen to me.
You've got two options.
You can get up and
walk out of here.
We'll fly you back, and
you can forget this.
But I guarantee you, you're
going to be contacted again.
And you're going to
be in the unknown
just like you are right now.
Let us help you.
Let us try to find out
what happened to you,
and we can determine what course
we can take to maybe prevent
this from happening again.
Not that I knew that it would
ever happen, but that sounded--
>> Rick, you made me
feel so comfortable,
I'm just going to
tell you everything.
>> [LAUGHS] It sounded good.
>> It does.
>> And so she finally
eventually said--
she made some phone
calls to her mother
and to some other person.
Now, in the meantime, we had
interviewed Joan over and over.
And she didn't see anything.
>> Nothing.
>> She just left.
And finally, she
said, OK, I'll talk.
So she opened up totally,
this entire story,
agreed to be placed
under hypnosis,
and we did all those tests.
And lo and behold, we find
that she's got DNA, alien DNA.
Our consensus was
that she's a hybrid.
>> When you say
they have alien DNA,
does that mean that you can
decipher what type of species
it is?
>> To the best of my knowledge,
is when the government
determined that you
have alien DNA in you,
that just means that your DNA
was mixed with some alien DNA.
I don't know that--
I'm sure now, they can
determine what species of--
because we know
seven of them now--
>> Right.
>> --which species of ET.
But I don't know.
I was never briefed
in any program where
they could determine
exactly the amount of DNA,
if that's feasible,
or the species of ET.
But there were other factors,
as I talked about before,
where our experts can determine,
by brain patterns and thought
patterns and so forth, we can
compare hers, with other known
ET hybrids and determine
that she was, in fact, had
some form of ET in her.
And we confronted her
with it and she and then
opened up that she felt
strange all her life.
She told us, well,
she was adopted.
Her mother and father,
at an early age,
decided they didn't
want children
and gave her up for adoption.
And one of her relatives or
aunt, her mother's sister,
took her in, adopted
her, and she raised her.
She didn't have a father
in her life, just her aunt.
But it became her mother.
And that was kind of
awkward because she
knew it was her aunt, but
she always called her mother.
So she felt different all along.
Although she was well
taken care of, well cared
for during her life, growing
up, she always had everything,
but she felt different
because she would meet people,
and she would
immediately hate them.
Not dislike them, she
would hate these people
because they were thinking
differently than she did.
Now, she never outwardly showed
this dissatisfaction or anger
towards this person, but
she wouldn't have anything
to do with them.
Growing up in
school, she remembers
she told us a story
about her sixth grade.
She went to sixth
grade, she sat.
First day of school of sixth
grade, she came in, sat down,
and they all had assigned seats.
And she looks over.
And there's this
girl next to her.
And she hated this girl.
She looked over at her
and can't stand this girl.
Now, normal people don't act
that way, and she knew that.
She said, I shouldn't
hate this person.
But she starts
looking at this person
and realizing this person is
thinking things differently.
But at as a sixth grader,
she doesn't understand
why her mind is doing this.
But she is telling
these different stories.
And there's a number of other
stories she told us about--
>> She became aware of it.
>> Becoming aware of.
In college, she took
psychology courses.
And she realizes that
she wasn't normal.
>> Right.
>> And it was scary to her.
She goes, I don't--
I know that I'm crazy,
but I can read people.
But she didn't know
how to handle it.
Well, when we confronted
her with this,
then she realizes
what's wrong with her.
She never doubted what
we were telling her.
She never said,
no, I'm not alien.
She accepted it more
so than most people.
Initially, she was so against
us interviewing her, hostile.
And now, she was on our side.
I want to know more.
>> How old was
she at that point?
>> Twenty--, 24, 25, maybe 26.
And so she wanted to know more.
I want to know more.
I want you to help me.
I'll do what you want.
Tell me what you need to do.
I'll take this test.
I'll take that test.
So we recruited her
into this program.
And not only did we recruit
her into the program
to assist us in finding
other people like hers,
we want to know these
people you hate.
If you walk up to a person,
you instantly hate that person,
we want to know
who that person is.
Is it hostile
intelligence or what?
>> What was that
deciding factor?
Yeah.
>> Exactly, what's the deciding
factor in determining why you
hate this person that you're
sitting next to in sixth grade
class?
Or this guy you walking down
the street, and he walks by you.
And you look at
him, you hate him.
And there's all sorts
of different stories.
So I said, we'll recruit you.
So she said, OK.
I got college degree, can
I come into the Air Force?
I said, sure.
>> Wow.
>> So she went
into the Air Force.
And she passed everything.
We got her into OSI.
She excelled magnificently.
And again, these people
with this hybrid system
in them or alien DNA excels
in so many different things,
including languages.
She immediately grasped
the Turkish language.
She served a tour in
Turkey, fluent Turkish.
She came back and learned
some other languages, German
and I believe, Japanese-- no,
Korean, stationed in Korea.
She excelled to the rank
of major in the OSI.
She retired.
She works for another
intelligence agency.
>> Uh-huh.
>> And--
>> What intelligence agency?
>> Well, another one.
[LAUGHS] Another one that
she'd had working relationships
with while she was OSI agent.
>> And did she have this ongoing
relationship with the ETs
throughout her OSI career?
>> Now, here's the interesting
part I was going to leave
for last.
I had told her that you're
probably going to be revisited.
I mean, these things
don't only visit you once.
It wasn't like Cady Smith, where
these things were following her
around.
I said they're probably going
to come and contact you.
And she accepted that.
She said, OK, I accepted it.
So for the first couple of years
she was in, nothing happened.
And suddenly, she's in an
operation at another location
and outside the United States.
And she leaves to go.
It was a night operation.
She leaves this facility.
I don't know-- I
don't remember, it's
a hotel or what, to go and
get in a vehicle to drive out.
And as she exited the
hotel, the craft lands.
And these two-- and
this is years later,
the same two that--
>> Oh, my.
>> The abducted-- or she had
contact with on Monarch Pass
back in the '80s is there
again to meet with her.
>> And how did she know
it was the same two?
>> She just recognized--
>> Oh, she recognized them.
>> --the voices.
>> Telepathy.
Do you know what kind they were?
>> Well, she didn't identify
them fully as the Greys,
but we have strong indications
that they were the Greys.
So they were the Greys
that had contacted her.
And some of the things
we knew about the Greys,
there's kind of a side
note, is sometimes,
they disguise themselves.
Sometimes, they'll wear a
helmet, a suit, a spacesuit
to more or less
appease the person
that they're abducting
or contacting,
not necessarily
because they have to.
>> Right.
>> And I think that in the case
of Julie, that's what happened.
And they came back.
And they wanted to
make contact with her.
And she said, this isn't
really a good time.
I'm going out.
And they said, well,
we'll help you.
And that's--
>> Amicable kind
of agreement there.
>> Yeah.
And they did.
They assisted her.
I wasn't involved
in any of that.
>> Did she report to
you guys right away,
or was there a delay?
When did you find out about
that, that there was assistance
from an extraterrestrial
race on a highly
government-classified mission?
>> Well, she went
on the mission.
And apparently, with these--
her friends with her and not
visual, and it was completed.
It was a very
successful mission.
Had nothing to do with
UFOs, more or less
had to do with an
espionage operation.
And when she got back to
the staging area, which was,
I believe, a civilian
police station,
she told her supervisor, I
believe, he was a GM-14--
I knew it was GM-14
because he was also
my supervisor at one time.
And she told him what happened.
And he said, great.
Now, we got backup.
Now, we got friends
here to help you.
>> And that was a report they
probably had to file as well,
right?
>> Right.
Yeah, exactly.
They had to do a
report and so forth.
She did a report.
And she told her--
I mean, this is real time
because it just happened.
And after this
operation is over,
well, she tells her
supervisor what happened.
And so of course, she does
a report, he does a report.
Now, they know that she has
these contacts with this ET
race.
>> Did OSI, when
they found out this,
did you immediately take her
off from her job duty and do
additional testing?
>> I'm not aware of that.
>> Or you guys kind of
already knew that she was
an extraterrestrial?
Was that a concern for you?
>> I think what we're looking at
here are two different things,
though.
We're looking at, OK, she
has alien DNA in her, OK.
A lot of people have alien DNA.
They found out.
We're more concerned
with them, her friends,
controlling her than her
having alien DNA in her.
I think, the consensus, at
least to the one supervisor
I spoke with,
they're not worried
about her being disloyal to
the United States or anything
like that.
They're worrying about,
can the ETs manipulate her?
Not the fact that she has the
alien DNA in her but will they,
and will they interfere
with something?
OK, say for instance that--
example would be she's on a
very secretive mission, where
she has to break into some
place and do something.
And the ETs are with her, and
they don't want her to do that.
Or she gets into a confrontation
with a hostile intelligence
service.
And she pulls her gun out.
Now, she has to shoot.
Are they going to stop
her from being hostile?
Those are the things
that I would think about.
She's--
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Not be able to shoot and
defend herself or defend me
or another agent
or other people.
That's something I
would think about.
Are they going to
interfere with us?
>> Because they know
everything that she knows.
>> Exactly.
>> That's what's scary.
So obviously, she was loyal
during her entire time.
And what we talked about, what
I would have been afraid of,
and I'm sure some
of the supervisors
would have been afraid
of never materialized,
that she was able to perform
her mission in a great manner
during her career.
>> What was the most outstanding
thing that you got from
your professional
relationship with Julie?
>> She had the outstanding
ability to project the future.
For instance, we
were in an operation,
and we were following a vehicle.
And the only way this
operation would have proceeded
to where we wanted it
to was for that vehicle
to make a right turn.
She projected in her
mind for that vehicle
to make a right turn.
And the vehicle
made a right turn.
That's what I'm
talking about when
I said she can project
something in the future.
Now, there were other
facets of this operation
that she was projecting the
bad guy to do this, the target
to do this and this.
And he did those things.
Whether she put that in his mind
to do it or however she did it,
I don't know how she did it.
That was the only
operation I saw.
But over the years, I've
spoken to other agents
who told me that
she was phenomenal
in projecting a future event.
>> Did you learn from her
what the ETs were doing with
humankind?
>> Well, one of the things that
they, her friends, these Greys.
Instilled upon her was that
she wasn't the only one.
She wasn't the only human
that was in her position.
And they readily admitted to
her, more so than Cady Smith,
but they readily admitted to
her that they manufactured her.
They said it in a way that
she had interpreted to me,
they built me.
I'm theirs.
She interpreted that to
mean that their DNA was
mixed with her DNA or human DNA.
Now, she didn't understand if
that happened on their planet,
if she was brought here.
She didn't understand it.
And to the best
of my knowledge, I
don't think I ever
had that information.
But we have others.
You're just one of many which
kind of scared her in a way.
And not only did this scare
her, scared the OSI agents
that she was working with,
there were many others.
Has OSI been infiltrated by--
>> --by the Greys.
>> --by the aliens, yeah.
And then later on,
when the DNA came out,
she went through all that.
And it was determined
that she had alien DNA.
And that's another
person we might
need to bring on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Oh, that would be great.
What a compelling story, Rick.
I want to thank you again
for being on the show.
>> It's my pleasure, Emery.
Thanks.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]